Fixing formatting in EBS API Section (#134)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/ebs_volume.md

Reviewer: я бы попробовал переформулировать

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `update` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for changing `size`, `type`, or `iops` volume attribute.
```

layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_ebs_volume"
description: |-
  Manages a single volume.
---

[default-tags]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block

> [timeouts]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/blocks/resources/syntax.html#operation-timeouts

Reviewer 2: Старая ссылка

}
```

> ~> **Note** EBS volumes require either a `size` or a `snapshot_id` to be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note** EBS volumes require either a `size` or a `snapshot_id` to be specified.
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availability_zone` - (Required) The AZ where the EBS volume will exist.
* `iops` - (Optional) The amount of IOPS to provision for the volume.
    * _Constrains:_ Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`
* `size` - (Optional) The size of the volume in GiB.
* `snapshot_id` (Optional) A snapshot to base the EBS volume on.
* `type` - (Optional) The type of EBS volume.
    * _Valid values:_ `st2`, `gp2`, `io2`
    * _Default value:_ `st2`

> * `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the volume. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

Reviewer: не по алфавиту

}
```

> ~> **Note** EBS volumes require either a `size` or a `snapshot_id` to be specified.

Reviewer 2: Этот Note можно перенести в ограничения для `size` и `snapshot_id`

Например, 
```
* `size` - ...
    * _Constraints:_
        * The `size` argument is required if `snapshot_id` is not specified
# и наоборот для snapshot_id
```

Формулировку взяла из описания аргумента `subnets` в resources/lb.md

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availability_zone` - (Required) The availability zone where the EBS volume will exist.
* `iops` - (Optional) The amount of IOPS to provision for the volume.
    * _Constrains:_ Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`
* `size` - (Optional) The size of the volume in GiB.
* `snapshot_id` (Optional) A snapshot to base the EBS volume on.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the volume. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

> * `type` - (Optional) The type of EBS volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Optional) The type of the volume.
```

Здесь и в остальных аргументах тоже можно убрать `EBS`

>     * _Valid values:_ `st2`, `gp2`, `io2`

Reviewer 2: Эту строчку можно удалить, эту валидацию недавно убрали

}
```

> ~> **Note** EBS volumes require either a `size` or a `snapshot_id` to be specified.

Reviewer: нужны ли тут неопред. артиклил

Author: да, нужны

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are required:

* `availability_zone` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The availability zone to create the volume in.

The following arguments are optional:

* `iops` - (Optional, Integer) The amount of IOPS to provision for the volume.
    * _Constrains:_ Can be applied to volumes only with `type` set to `io2`
* `size` - (Optional, Integer) The size of the volume in GiB.
    * _Constraints:_ This argument is required if the `snapshot_id` argument is not specified
* `snapshot_id` (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the snapshot.
    * _Constraints:_ This argument is required if the `size` argument is not specified

> * `tags` - (Optional, Map of tags) Key-value pairs to assign to the volume. If the [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used within a provider configuration, the tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the volume. If the [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used within a provider configuration, the tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
```

* `type` - (Optional, String) The type of the volume.

## Attribute reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the volume.
    * _Example:_ `vol-12345678`

> * `tags_all` - (Map of tags) Key-value pairs assigned to the volume, including any tags inherited from the [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] if used within a provider configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the volume, including any tags inherited from the [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] if used within a provider configuration.
```

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are required:

> * `availability_zone` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The availability zone where the volume will exist.

Reviewer: употребление exist тут занятно, еще бы live, я бы поменял на be placed, например

The following arguments are optional:

* `iops` - (Optional, Integer) The amount of IOPS to provision for the volume.
    * _Constrains:_ Can be applied to volumes only with `type` set to `io2`
* `size` - (Optional, Integer) The size of the volume in GiB.
    * _Constraints:_ This argument is required if the `snapshot_id` argument is not specified
* `snapshot_id` (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the snapshot.

>     * _Constraints:_ * This argument is required if the `size` argument is not specified

Reviewer: а тут вторая * зачем?

* `tags` - (Optional, Map of tags) Key-value pairs to assign to the volume. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
* `type` - (Optional, String) The type of the volume.

>     * _Default value:_ `st2`

Reviewer: д.б. уже st3

Author: Убираем вообще, обсудили с @PixarV 
Valid values тоже не нужны, валидация на них отсутствует, убрали их ранее по комменту
https://github.com/C2Devel/terraform-provider-rockitcloud/pull/134#discussion_r2862810673
Нет в scheme (в исходнике) - не добавляем тут)

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `availability_zone` - (Required, Forces new resource) (String) The availability zone where the volume will exist.

The following arguments are optional:

* `iops` - (Optional) (Int) The amount of IOPS to provision for the volume.

>     * _Constrains:_Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints:_ Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`
```
Я бы добавила only with io2 type

>         * 

Reviewer 2: Лишняя звездочка

* `size` - (Optional) (Int) The size of the volume in GiB.
    * _Constraints:_

>         * This argument is required if the `snapshot_id` argument is not specified

Reviewer 2: Думаю, что если список состоит из одного элемента, можно без подсписка

> * `snapshot_id` (Optional, Forces new resource) (Int) A snapshot to base the volume on.

Reviewer 2: строка + можно заменить описание на `The ID of the snapshot.`

The following arguments are supported:

> * `availability_zone` - (Required) The AZ where the EBS volume will exist.

Reviewer: лучше полностью писать, и существовать звучит странно применительно к диску
```suggestion
* `availability_zone` - (Required) The availability zone where the EBS volume will be located.
```

Reviewer: коммент закрыт, но ничего не исправлено

> * `iops` - (Optional) The amount of IOPS to provision for the disk.

Reviewer: здесь disk, а ниже volume. надо этот момент уточнить (и в других местах, где используетс disk)

Author: Проработано с @PixarV

>     * _Constrains:_ Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints:_ Can be applied to volumes with `type` set to `io2`
```

> * `size` - (Optional) The size of the drive in GiB.

Reviewer: drive (?)
```suggestion
* `size` - (Optional) The size of the volume, in GiB.
```

Author: Обсудили с Ритой. Все drive в кол-ве 5 шт. заменил на volume

* `snapshot_id` (Optional) A snapshot to base the EBS volume on.
* `type` - (Optional) The type of EBS volume.

>     * _Valid values:_ `st2`, `gp2` or `io2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Valid values:_ `st2`, `gp2`, `io2`
```

>     * _Default value:_ `st2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Default value:_ `st2`
```

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts] for certain actions:

- `create` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for creating volumes. This includes the time required for the volume to become available.

> - `update` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for changing `size`, `type`, or `iops` volume attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `update` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for updating the volume.
```

Тут можно использовать более общую формулировку и единственное число. Для `create` и `update` тоже поменяй пожалуйста множественное число на единственное

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts] for certain actions:

- `create` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for creating the volume. This includes the time required for the volume to become available.

> - `update` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for updating the volume.

Reviewer: кажется, что в такой формулировке может возникать недопонимание, что именно обновляется (например, данные на диске). наверно, лучше указать в явном виде -- даже если пользователь понимает, что речь об аргументах, он может не знать, какие именно можно изменять

Author: По этому комменту, наоборот, поменяли формулировку на более общую
https://github.com/C2Devel/terraform-provider-rockitcloud/pull/134#discussion_r2969410813

- `delete` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for destroying the volume.

## Import

> Volumes can be imported using `id`, for example:

Reviewer: интересно, а здесь в импорте мн.ч. (в других ресурсах было ед.ч.)
хотя этот ресурс про управление одним диском

Author: У нас везде в импортах множественное число)
То есть пишем так, что такие-то сущности (как таковые) могут быть импортированы так-то.
Сложившаяся общая формулировка.
@DiGa66

Author: Обсудили на троих, пишем везде ед.ч. В стайлгайд внесу @DiGa66

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts] for certain actions:

- `create` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for creating the volume. This includes the time required for the volume to become available.
- `update` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for updating the volume.

> - `delete` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for destroying the volume\.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `delete` - (Default `5 minutes`) Used for destroying the volume.
```
